- the one minute manager
	- secret type
		- One minute goals:
			- If you want to achieve great results for an [organization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizing_(management)), the first step is to set clear goals and tasks. Communicating these tasks, benchmarks, and results to an organization's employees is the most critical component of leading an organization in the right direction. 99% of problems in organizations are preventable, as long as the communication between the manager and staff is honest, open, and early. Keeping in mind the [80/20 principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_principle) (80 percent of the result are driven by 20 percent of the tasks), every staff member should have his/her responsibilities and consequences established upfront and discussed until both parties understand their responsibilities. Each of these goals should be less than 250 [words](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word) and can be read daily within one minute. This gives them of sense of ownership and knows that they are trusted. Once both parties have a good understanding of what is expected and what the results should look like, it should be recorded on no more than a single page. From then on, the staff member knows what is expected of them and will rarely come to the manager with problems – they know they are hired to solve the organizational problems.
		- One minute **praisings**
			- Most managers will wait for the annual or quarterly [performance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_indicator) review to , there will be too many target tasks to come up with details to solve at this point. Managers will set a part of the goals for employees to continuously manage [performance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_management) and provide regular feedback. This is not to micromanage staff members, but so he or she can catch them when they're doing something right and recognize them for it. After praising the staff, take a slight pause to let the compliment sink in and give the person pat on the [back](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_back) or give them a hand to congratulate them on doing such a great job.
		- One minute **reprimands** (One minute redirect)
			- On the opposite end of praise, organizations also have reprimands(redirect). Just as organizations are taking a few moments to praise, but the reprimands (redirect) happens at about the same time instead of longer. This is important because the staff may begin to think they have more shortcomings than strengths, and that will never end well. During the 'one minute redirect,' we want to catch unproductive or negative behavior immediately, and explain to the employee the consequences and to emphasize the issue with the work, not the person.
			- Note: A problem always has a solution. If organizations can't identify the solution, then don't waste time talking about the "problems". Don't tell someone what they're doing wrong until organizations can tell them what they should be doing right.
- TODO: Sequel: Leadership and the One Minute Manager: Increasing Effectiveness Through Situational Leadership II, by Ken Blanchard, Patricia Zigarmi and Drea Zigarmi